Whoa!
Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org
How many times is that now, kid?
Uh, like, I don't know, 15?
Sixteen, maybe?
No biggie. Spikes again.
Ana, you need to take this more seriously.
Ugh, it's just dying.
Even the great Liz Mutton had to fall
on a spike or two, right?
Mines. That was the first time.
You died in the Mines?
I died from a mine.
Stepped on it.
Did it hurt?
Mostly my feelings.
Still, death isn't something
you should just shake off.
I mean,
we literally shake it off.
You know, every time I die,
I scratch a mark in the wall.
Memorials, I guess.
Little gravestones
for the version of myself that died.
Uh, yeah,
but you're still the same person.
You sure about that?
It's still the end of a life,
even if we come back from it.
Ah, lighten up. No need to worry.
Spelunking's in my blood.
It's who I am.
And I think this next one...
...just might be my run.
Spear trap?
How'd you know?
Lots of experience.
- How you feeling?
- Never felt better.
Ooh.
Ow.
Ugh, come on.
I'm at 82.
Eighty-two?
I died 82 times.
More than you.
And I'm nowhere near the end.
I'm not hurt or anything, just...
Hollowed out.
Yeah.
Like my heart is tired, or something.
I'm not sure why
I'm even doing this anymore.
Listen, kiddo, I know it's hard,
and everything keeps changing.
Yeah. It's always different.
That's right, just like life.
Every day, just like
every time you walk through those doors,
it's a new adventure.
All that danger...
...all those moments of beauty...
...and even all those painful deaths...
They're still up here. They're not gone.
They're mine.
All yours. Just like I have all mine.
The spell on this place is unbreakable,
and each time,
a new adventure waits just for you.
Every scratch you made on the wall,
you weren't just marking times you died.
You were marking adventures you created.
And hey,
maybe the next one will be your run.
Here goes eighty-something.